{"filter":false,"title":"README.md","tooltip":"/README.md","undoManager":{"mark":18,"position":18,"stack":[[{"start":{"row":0,"column":0},"end":{"row":15,"column":0},"action":"remove","lines":["         ___        ______     ____ _                 _  ___  ","        / \\ \\      / / ___|   / ___| | ___  _   _  __| |/ _ \\ ","       / _ \\ \\ /\\ / /\\___ \\  | |   | |/ _ \\| | | |/ _` | (_) |","      / ___ \\ V  V /  ___) | | |___| | (_) | |_| | (_| |\\__, |","     /_/   \\_\\_/\\_/  |____/   \\____|_|\\___/ \\__,_|\\__,_|  /_/ "," ----------------------------------------------------------------- ","","","Hi there! Welcome to AWS Cloud9!","","To get started, create some files, play with the terminal,","or visit https://docs.aws.amazon.com/console/cloud9/ for our documentation.","","Happy coding!","# Project-1_User-Centric_Frontend_Development",""],"id":1},{"start":{"row":0,"column":0},"end":{"row":51,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["** Fredrick Goh Guitar Studio","","Fredrick Goh Guitar Studio website Problems:","Mr. Goh from Fredrick Goh Guitar Studio requested to me to revamp his website, https://fredrickgohkh.wixsite.com/website. He shared with me his website cannot get any prospect interest to contact him. He is always very busy with his students or meeting and he will handle all request himself only.    ","My proposal of above challenge is to build a simple landing page cover four sections on About Us, Contact Us, Tagline with Hotline, testimony & footer.  This website will be only an English version. ","","** Demo","https://github.com/kstan8668/Project-1_User-Centric_Frontend_Development.git","## UX","I designed keep it simple “as a glance” landing page concept to minimise scrolling of the content.  My objective is getting the prospect interest to call him as his requested he will personally handle any call or email from website.  The bule mix with green colour scheme was provision a sleek feel. Click on the right top button, About us and Contact us will be shown, easy for prospect to brief understand the studio and to contact him. This website is focus on call of interest, I believe when any prospect client the view button to view his student performance would be impress and will contact on him for enquiry. An e-commerce platform would be implement to allow student to purchase guitar, basic guitar course and Ukulele too!. ","","** Technologies","1. HTML","2. CSS","3. Bootstrap (v4.3.1)","","** Features","This site used ‘at a glance’ concept given less click and scrolling in Bootstrap with an extra Jumbotron function less smooth scrolling effect. As want to be difference, there is only one nav button, just client it and About Us & Contact Us will show, other area like Testimony and Tagline info will be fill within one desktop screen as minimised design. On the mobile, it will be responsive on all sections. Make it easy to scroll and read.","","** Features Left to Implement","On my “At a glance” design concept, the objective is providing curiously and call for interest. This stage will not have much click or button effect, but on the coming future, I would like to add more testimony to view more of his student performance. More comprehensive sections will be adding animations and sound effect on a hover, and a blog will be adding into it. I would like to propose a reward system into his future website to earn points and exchange items.","","** Testing","I have shown Mr. Goh on this website and he was pleased on this “at a glance’ simple design concept and I have achieved provided him to showcase his visual retail. He was very happy I able to fit all content when viewing on a desktop between 13 to 17” screen, and more responsive & stable website then his current website.  I will put this website live version in GitHub repository. Upon receive assignment result, I will share with him and he will want me to upload it to his new domain name.","Please inform this website email address, Twitter, Facebook and his student Testimony view video are not ready due to Mr. Goh yet to finish to me.  I had watched his students performance in on of the church in Singapore, as was invited, I was immersed into the guitar music.","","Tested multiple browsers : Chrome, FireFox, Safari, FireFox and Chrome","Tested multiple brand phone: iPhone  (5,6,7,8 & x versions), Samsung Galaxy (J2 Pro, note 8 & 9), Xiaomi (max2 & 3)and Huawei (P30 series and mate 20 series)","Tested multiple tablet: ipad (mini 4 & pro versions) Huawei mediapad 5 ","","** Deployment","Fredrick Goh Guitar Studio website will be temporary host using GitHub. Mr. Goh can login Github to view the website and updated new commits. ","GitHub host location -  https://github.com/kstan8668/Project-1_User-Centric_Frontend_Development.git","","Landing page: index.html on local repository","","** Design Concept","One page landing Design Concept was  by me.","Credits","** Content","All brief content was written by me. Colour schemes was chosen by me too!","","** Media","Images: Taken from Pexels(https://www.pexels.com/), a stock image library. ","","** Acknowledgements","Jumbotron background:  https://mdbootstrap.com/docs/jquery/components/jumbotron","Bootstrap (v4.3.1): https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.3/getting-started/introduction/#starter-template","W3schools : https://www.w3schools.com/html/html_css.asp","","**This is for educational use.**",""]}],[{"start":{"row":10,"column":0},"end":{"row":10,"column":1},"action":"insert","lines":["#"],"id":2},{"start":{"row":10,"column":1},"end":{"row":10,"column":2},"action":"insert","lines":["#"]}],[{"start":{"row":10,"column":1},"end":{"row":10,"column":2},"action":"remove","lines":["#"],"id":3},{"start":{"row":10,"column":0},"end":{"row":10,"column":1},"action":"remove","lines":["#"]},{"start":{"row":9,"column":736},"end":{"row":10,"column":0},"action":"remove","lines":["",""]}],[{"start":{"row":0,"column":0},"end":{"row":50,"column":0},"action":"remove","lines":["** Fredrick Goh Guitar Studio","","Fredrick Goh Guitar Studio website Problems:","Mr. Goh from Fredrick Goh Guitar Studio requested to me to revamp his website, https://fredrickgohkh.wixsite.com/website. He shared with me his website cannot get any prospect interest to contact him. He is always very busy with his students or meeting and he will handle all request himself only.    ","My proposal of above challenge is to build a simple landing page cover four sections on About Us, Contact Us, Tagline with Hotline, testimony & footer.  This website will be only an English version. ","","** Demo","https://github.com/kstan8668/Project-1_User-Centric_Frontend_Development.git","## UX","I designed keep it simple “as a glance” landing page concept to minimise scrolling of the content.  My objective is getting the prospect interest to call him as his requested he will personally handle any call or email from website.  The bule mix with green colour scheme was provision a sleek feel. Click on the right top button, About us and Contact us will be shown, easy for prospect to brief understand the studio and to contact him. This website is focus on call of interest, I believe when any prospect client the view button to view his student performance would be impress and will contact on him for enquiry. An e-commerce platform would be implement to allow student to purchase guitar, basic guitar course and Ukulele too!. ","** Technologies","1. HTML","2. CSS","3. Bootstrap (v4.3.1)","","** Features","This site used ‘at a glance’ concept given less click and scrolling in Bootstrap with an extra Jumbotron function less smooth scrolling effect. As want to be difference, there is only one nav button, just client it and About Us & Contact Us will show, other area like Testimony and Tagline info will be fill within one desktop screen as minimised design. On the mobile, it will be responsive on all sections. Make it easy to scroll and read.","","** Features Left to Implement","On my “At a glance” design concept, the objective is providing curiously and call for interest. This stage will not have much click or button effect, but on the coming future, I would like to add more testimony to view more of his student performance. More comprehensive sections will be adding animations and sound effect on a hover, and a blog will be adding into it. I would like to propose a reward system into his future website to earn points and exchange items.","","** Testing","I have shown Mr. Goh on this website and he was pleased on this “at a glance’ simple design concept and I have achieved provided him to showcase his visual retail. He was very happy I able to fit all content when viewing on a desktop between 13 to 17” screen, and more responsive & stable website then his current website.  I will put this website live version in GitHub repository. Upon receive assignment result, I will share with him and he will want me to upload it to his new domain name.","Please inform this website email address, Twitter, Facebook and his student Testimony view video are not ready due to Mr. Goh yet to finish to me.  I had watched his students performance in on of the church in Singapore, as was invited, I was immersed into the guitar music.","","Tested multiple browsers : Chrome, FireFox, Safari, FireFox and Chrome","Tested multiple brand phone: iPhone  (5,6,7,8 & x versions), Samsung Galaxy (J2 Pro, note 8 & 9), Xiaomi (max2 & 3)and Huawei (P30 series and mate 20 series)","Tested multiple tablet: ipad (mini 4 & pro versions) Huawei mediapad 5 ","","** Deployment","Fredrick Goh Guitar Studio website will be temporary host using GitHub. Mr. Goh can login Github to view the website and updated new commits. ","GitHub host location -  https://github.com/kstan8668/Project-1_User-Centric_Frontend_Development.git","","Landing page: index.html on local repository","","** Design Concept","One page landing Design Concept was  by me.","Credits","** Content","All brief content was written by me. Colour schemes was chosen by me too!","","** Media","Images: Taken from Pexels(https://www.pexels.com/), a stock image library. ","","** Acknowledgements","Jumbotron background:  https://mdbootstrap.com/docs/jquery/components/jumbotron","Bootstrap (v4.3.1): https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.3/getting-started/introduction/#starter-template","W3schools : https://www.w3schools.com/html/html_css.asp","","**This is for educational use.**",""],"id":4},{"start":{"row":0,"column":0},"end":{"row":51,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["##  Fredrick Goh Guitar Studio","","Fredrick Goh Guitar Studio website Problems:","Mr. Goh from Fredrick Goh Guitar Studio requested to me to revamp his website, https://fredrickgohkh.wixsite.com/website. He shared with me his website cannot get any prospect interest to contact him. He is always very busy with his students or meeting and he will handle all request himself only.    ","My proposal of above challenge is to build a simple landing page cover four sections on About Us, Contact Us, Tagline with Hotline, testimony & footer.  This website will be only an English version. ","","## Demo","https://github.com/kstan8668/Project-1_User-Centric_Frontend_Development.git","## UX","I designed keep it simple “as a glance” landing page concept to minimise scrolling of the content.  My objective is getting the prospect interest to call him as his requested he will personally handle any call or email from website.  The bule mix with green colour scheme was provision a sleek feel. Click on the right top button, About us and Contact us will be shown, easy for prospect to brief understand the studio and to contact him. This website is focus on call of interest, I believe when any prospect client the view button to view his student performance would be impress and will contact on him for enquiry. An e-commerce platform would be implement to allow student to purchase guitar, basic guitar course and Ukulele too!. ","","## Technologies","1. HTML","2. CSS","3. Bootstrap (v4.3.1)","","## Features","This site used ‘at a glance’ concept given less click and scrolling in Bootstrap with an extra Jumbotron function less smooth scrolling effect. As want to be difference, there is only one nav button, just client it and About Us & Contact Us will show, other area like Testimony and Tagline info will be fill within one desktop screen as minimised design. On the mobile, it will be responsive on all sections. Make it easy to scroll and read.","","## Features Left to Implement","On my “At a glance” design concept, the objective is providing curiously and call for interest. This stage will not have much click or button effect, but on the coming future, I would like to add more testimony to view more of his student performance. More comprehensive sections will be adding animations and sound effect on a hover, and a blog will be adding into it. I would like to propose a reward system into his future website to earn points and exchange items.","","## Testing","I have shown Mr. Goh on this website and he was pleased on this “at a glance’ simple design concept and I have achieved provided him to showcase his visual retail. He was very happy I able to fit all content when viewing on a desktop between 13 to 17” screen, and more responsive & stable website then his current website.  I will put this website live version in GitHub repository. Upon receive assignment result, I will share with him and he will want me to upload it to his new domain name.","Please inform this website email address, Twitter, Facebook and his student Testimony view video are not ready due to Mr. Goh yet to finish to me.  I had watched his students performance in on of the church in Singapore, as was invited, I was immersed into the guitar music.","","Tested multiple browsers : Chrome, FireFox, Safari, FireFox and Chrome","Tested multiple brand phone: iPhone  (5,6,7,8 & x versions), Samsung Galaxy (J2 Pro, note 8 & 9), Xiaomi (max2 & 3)and Huawei (P30 series and mate 20 series)","Tested multiple tablet: ipad (mini 4 & pro versions) Huawei mediapad 5 ","","##  Deployment","Fredrick Goh Guitar Studio website will be temporary host using GitHub. Mr. Goh can login Github to view the website and updated new commits. ","GitHub host location -  https://github.com/kstan8668/Project-1_User-Centric_Frontend_Development.git","","Landing page: index.html on local repository","","##  Design Concept","One page landing Design Concept was  by me.","Credits","## Content","All brief content was written by me. Colour schemes was chosen by me too!","","## Media","Images: Taken from Pexels(https://www.pexels.com/), a stock image library. ","","## Acknowledgements","Jumbotron background:  https://mdbootstrap.com/docs/jquery/components/jumbotron","Bootstrap (v4.3.1): https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.3/getting-started/introduction/#starter-template","W3schools : https://www.w3schools.com/html/html_css.asp","","**This is for educational use.**",""]}],[{"start":{"row":0,"column":0},"end":{"row":51,"column":0},"action":"remove","lines":["##  Fredrick Goh Guitar Studio","","Fredrick Goh Guitar Studio website Problems:","Mr. Goh from Fredrick Goh Guitar Studio requested to me to revamp his website, https://fredrickgohkh.wixsite.com/website. He shared with me his website cannot get any prospect interest to contact him. He is always very busy with his students or meeting and he will handle all request himself only.    ","My proposal of above challenge is to build a simple landing page cover four sections on About Us, Contact Us, Tagline with Hotline, testimony & footer.  This website will be only an English version. ","","## Demo","https://github.com/kstan8668/Project-1_User-Centric_Frontend_Development.git","## UX","I designed keep it simple “as a glance” landing page concept to minimise scrolling of the content.  My objective is getting the prospect interest to call him as his requested he will personally handle any call or email from website.  The bule mix with green colour scheme was provision a sleek feel. Click on the right top button, About us and Contact us will be shown, easy for prospect to brief understand the studio and to contact him. This website is focus on call of interest, I believe when any prospect client the view button to view his student performance would be impress and will contact on him for enquiry. An e-commerce platform would be implement to allow student to purchase guitar, basic guitar course and Ukulele too!. ","","## Technologies","1. HTML","2. CSS","3. Bootstrap (v4.3.1)","","## Features","This site used ‘at a glance’ concept given less click and scrolling in Bootstrap with an extra Jumbotron function less smooth scrolling effect. As want to be difference, there is only one nav button, just client it and About Us & Contact Us will show, other area like Testimony and Tagline info will be fill within one desktop screen as minimised design. On the mobile, it will be responsive on all sections. Make it easy to scroll and read.","","## Features Left to Implement","On my “At a glance” design concept, the objective is providing curiously and call for interest. This stage will not have much click or button effect, but on the coming future, I would like to add more testimony to view more of his student performance. More comprehensive sections will be adding animations and sound effect on a hover, and a blog will be adding into it. I would like to propose a reward system into his future website to earn points and exchange items.","","## Testing","I have shown Mr. Goh on this website and he was pleased on this “at a glance’ simple design concept and I have achieved provided him to showcase his visual retail. He was very happy I able to fit all content when viewing on a desktop between 13 to 17” screen, and more responsive & stable website then his current website.  I will put this website live version in GitHub repository. Upon receive assignment result, I will share with him and he will want me to upload it to his new domain name.","Please inform this website email address, Twitter, Facebook and his student Testimony view video are not ready due to Mr. Goh yet to finish to me.  I had watched his students performance in on of the church in Singapore, as was invited, I was immersed into the guitar music.","","Tested multiple browsers : Chrome, FireFox, Safari, FireFox and Chrome","Tested multiple brand phone: iPhone  (5,6,7,8 & x versions), Samsung Galaxy (J2 Pro, note 8 & 9), Xiaomi (max2 & 3)and Huawei (P30 series and mate 20 series)","Tested multiple tablet: ipad (mini 4 & pro versions) Huawei mediapad 5 ","","##  Deployment","Fredrick Goh Guitar Studio website will be temporary host using GitHub. Mr. Goh can login Github to view the website and updated new commits. ","GitHub host location -  https://github.com/kstan8668/Project-1_User-Centric_Frontend_Development.git","","Landing page: index.html on local repository","","##  Design Concept","One page landing Design Concept was  by me.","Credits","## Content","All brief content was written by me. Colour schemes was chosen by me too!","","## Media","Images: Taken from Pexels(https://www.pexels.com/), a stock image library. ","","## Acknowledgements","Jumbotron background:  https://mdbootstrap.com/docs/jquery/components/jumbotron","Bootstrap (v4.3.1): https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.3/getting-started/introduction/#starter-template","W3schools : https://www.w3schools.com/html/html_css.asp","","**This is for educational use.**",""],"id":5},{"start":{"row":0,"column":0},"end":{"row":63,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["**  Guitar Studio","Assignment One: User-Centric Frontend Development - Code Institute ","","","Guitar Studio website Problems:","Mr. Goh from Guitar Studio requested to me to revamp his website, https://fredrickgohkh.wixsite.com/website. He shared with me his website cannot get any prospect interest to contact him and not really responsive . He is always very busy with his students or meeting and he will handle all request himself only.    ","My proposal of above challenge is to build a simple landing page cover five sections as Testimonials Gallery Our Rate and About Us  This website will be only an English version. ","","","** Demo","https://github.com/kstan8668/Project-1_User-Centric_Frontend_Development.git","## UX","I designed keep it simple “as a glance” landing page concept to minimise scrolling of the content.  My objective is getting the prospect interest to call him as his requested he will personally handle any call or email from website.  The bule mix with green colour scheme was provision a sleek feel. Click on the right top button, About us and Contact us will be shown, easy for prospect to brief understand the studio and to contact him. This website is focus on call of interest, Hotline button to allow any prospect to call him for enquiry. ","","** Technologies","1. HTML","2. CSS","","","3. Bootstrap (v4.3.1)","","** Features","This site used ‘at a glance’ concept given less click and scrolling in Bootstrap with an extra Jumbotron function less smooth scrolling effect. As want to be difference, there is only one nav button, just client it and About Us & Contact Us will show, other area like Testimony and Tagline info will be fill within one desktop screen as minimised design. On the mobile, it will be responsive on all sections. Make it easy to scroll and read.","","** Features Left to Implement ","An e-commerce platform would be implement to allow student to purchase guitar, basic guitar course and Ukulele too!. More comprehensive sections will be adding animations and sound effect on a hover, and a blog will be adding into it. I would like to propose a reward system into his future website to earn points and exchange items.","","","** Testing","I have shown Mr. Goh on this website and he was pleased on this “at a glance’ simple design concept and I have achieved provided him to showcase his visual retail. He was very happy I provide a short content when viewing on a desktop between 13 to 17” screen, and more responsive & stable website then his current website.  I will put this website live version in GitHub repository. https://github.com/kstan8668/Project-1_User-Centric_Frontend_Development.git","","Tested multiple browsers : Chrome, FireFox, Safari, FireFox and Chrome >>> Past","Tested multiple brand phone: iPhone  (5,6,7,8 & x versions), Samsung Galaxy (J2 Pro, note 8 & 9), Xiaomi (max2 & 3)and Huawei (P30 series and mate 20 series) >>> Past","","Tested multiple tablet: ipad (mini 4 & pro versions) Huawei mediapad 5  >>> Past","","","** Deployment","Fredrick Goh Guitar Studio website will be temporary host using GitHub. Mr. Goh can login Github to view the website and updated new commits. ","GitHub host location -  https://github.com/??????","Landing page: index.html on local repository","","","** Design Concept","One-page landing Design Concept was by me.","","","Credits","** Content","All brief content was written by me. Colour schemes was chosen by me too!","","","** Media","Images: Taken from Pexels(https://www.pexels.com/), a stock image library. ","","","** Acknowledgements","Jumbotron background:  https://mdbootstrap.com/docs/jquery/components/jumbotron","Bootstrap (v4.3.1): https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.3/getting-started/introduction/#starter-template","W3schools : https://www.w3schools.com/html/html_css.asp","","","**This is for educational use.**",""]}],[{"start":{"row":0,"column":0},"end":{"row":0,"column":2},"action":"remove","lines":["**"],"id":6},{"start":{"row":0,"column":0},"end":{"row":0,"column":1},"action":"insert","lines":["#"]},{"start":{"row":0,"column":1},"end":{"row":0,"column":2},"action":"insert","lines":["#"]}],[{"start":{"row":17,"column":0},"end":{"row":18,"column":0},"action":"remove","lines":["",""],"id":9},{"start":{"row":16,"column":6},"end":{"row":17,"column":0},"action":"remove","lines":["",""]}],[{"start":{"row":19,"column":0},"end":{"row":19,"column":2},"action":"remove","lines":["**"],"id":10},{"start":{"row":19,"column":0},"end":{"row":19,"column":3},"action":"insert","lines":["## "]}],[{"start":{"row":17,"column":21},"end":{"row":18,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":11},{"start":{"row":18,"column":0},"end":{"row":18,"column":3},"action":"insert","lines":["4. "]}],[{"start":{"row":18,"column":2},"end":{"row":18,"column":3},"action":"remove","lines":[" "],"id":12},{"start":{"row":18,"column":1},"end":{"row":18,"column":2},"action":"remove","lines":["."]},{"start":{"row":18,"column":0},"end":{"row":18,"column":1},"action":"remove","lines":["4"]}],[{"start":{"row":23,"column":0},"end":{"row":23,"column":2},"action":"remove","lines":["**"],"id":13},{"start":{"row":23,"column":0},"end":{"row":23,"column":3},"action":"insert","lines":["## "]}],[{"start":{"row":23,"column":0},"end":{"row":24,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":14}],[{"start":{"row":28,"column":0},"end":{"row":28,"column":2},"action":"remove","lines":["**"],"id":15},{"start":{"row":28,"column":0},"end":{"row":28,"column":3},"action":"insert","lines":["## "]}],[{"start":{"row":32,"column":166},"end":{"row":33,"column":0},"action":"remove","lines":["",""],"id":16}],[{"start":{"row":36,"column":0},"end":{"row":36,"column":2},"action":"remove","lines":["**"],"id":17},{"start":{"row":36,"column":0},"end":{"row":36,"column":3},"action":"insert","lines":["## "]}],[{"start":{"row":42,"column":0},"end":{"row":42,"column":2},"action":"remove","lines":["**"],"id":18},{"start":{"row":42,"column":0},"end":{"row":42,"column":3},"action":"insert","lines":["## "]}],[{"start":{"row":47,"column":0},"end":{"row":47,"column":2},"action":"remove","lines":["**"],"id":19},{"start":{"row":47,"column":0},"end":{"row":47,"column":3},"action":"insert","lines":["## "]}],[{"start":{"row":51,"column":0},"end":{"row":51,"column":2},"action":"remove","lines":["**"],"id":20},{"start":{"row":51,"column":0},"end":{"row":51,"column":3},"action":"insert","lines":["## "]}],[{"start":{"row":55,"column":0},"end":{"row":55,"column":2},"action":"remove","lines":["**"],"id":21},{"start":{"row":55,"column":0},"end":{"row":55,"column":3},"action":"insert","lines":["## "]}]]},"ace":{"folds":[],"scrolltop":0,"scrollleft":0,"selection":{"start":{"row":10,"column":0},"end":{"row":10,"column":76},"isBackwards":true},"options":{"guessTabSize":true,"useWrapMode":false,"wrapToView":true},"firstLineState":0},"timestamp":1566445707387,"hash":"8381c39fd24cbe5526643a3684637530fb6f37fb"}